Generate changelog for 3.2.1 (#10743)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/3.2.1.md

Tag: 3.2.1

## Overview

3.2.1 is the 2nd [stable][release_policy] version of the 3.2 release
series. It resolves 45 bugs since 3.2.0.

The "stable" label means that we have all planned features implemented and we
see no high-impact issues. However, if you encounter an issue, feel free to
[report it][issues] on GitHub.

[release_policy]: https://www.tarantool.io/en/doc/latest/release/policy/
[issues]: https://github.com/tarantool/tarantool/issues

## Compatibility

Tarantool 3.x is backward compatible with Tarantool 2.11.x in the binary data
layout, client-server protocol, and replication protocol.

Please [upgrade][upgrade] using the `box.schema.upgrade()` procedure to unlock
all the new features of the 3.x series.

[upgrade]: https://www.tarantool.io/en/doc/latest/book/admin/upgrades/

## Bugs fixed

### Core

* Fixed a memory leak in coio on address resolution error (gh-10482).
* Fixed a memory leak in IPROTO on execution of the callback installed with
  `box.iproto.override()` (gh-10477).
* Fixed a memory leak on foreign key constraint check failure (gh-10476).
* Fixed a memory leak on an attempt to create or modify a user denied due to
  access restrictions (gh-10485).

> * Fixed a crash when `slab_alloc_factor` is low and memory pressure is high
>   (gh-10148).
> * Fixed a crash in swim on Tarantool shutdown (gh-10495).
> * Fixed a crash when the first of two consequent DDL operations gets
>   rolled back due to WAL failure (gh-10235).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a crash when `slab_alloc_factor` was low and memory pressure was high
  (gh-10148).
* Fixed a crash in swim on Tarantool shutdown (gh-10495).
* Fixed a crash when the first of two consequent DDL operations was
  rolled back due to WAL failure (gh-10235).
```

* Fixed an inconsistency between internal caches and system spaces with
  MVCC enabled that could lead to unexplainable errors (gh-10262).

### Memtx

> * Fixed a crash on transaction rollback if memory usage is close to the limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a crash on transaction rollback if memory usage was close to the limit
```

  or violate isolation of other transactions (gh-10146).

### Vinyl

* Fixed a memory leak on dump/compaction failure (gh-10489).
* Fixed a bug when `index.select()` could silently skip a tuple if it failed to
  load a row from a run file (gh-10512).
* Lowered the level used for logging range dump, compaction, split, and
  coalesce events from `INFO` to `VERBOSE` (gh-10524).
* Fixed a bug when a compaction task could crash on a disk read error
  (gh-10555).
* Fixed a bug when `index.select()` executed in the `read-confirmed`
  transaction isolation mode (default for read-only transactions) could corrupt
  the tuple cache by creating a chain bypassing an unconfirmed tuple. The bug
  could lead to a crash or invalid query results (gh-10558).
* Added a fiber slice check to `index.count()` to prevent it from blocking
  for too long while counting tuples in a space stored in memory (gh-10553).
* Fixed a bug when an attempt to alter the primary index of an empty space
  triggered a crash if executed concurrently with a DML request (gh-10603).

### Replication

* Fixed a memory leak on disconnection from replica (gh-10480).

> * Fixed a memory leak on a replica when it is removed from the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a memory leak on a replica when it was removed from the cluster
```

  (gh-10490).
* Optimized synchronous transaction queue processing (gh-9917).

### LuaJIT

Backported patches from the vanilla LuaJIT trunk (gh-10199). The following
issues were fixed as part of this activity:

* Now 64-bit non-FAT Mach-O object files are generated via `-b -o osx`.
* Fixed `string.format()` compilation with many elements.
* Fixed `dlerror()` in FFI call returning `NULL`.
* Fixed `__tostring` metamethod access to enum cdata value.
* Fixed limit check in narrowing optimization.
* Dropped finalizer table rehashing after GC cycle (gh-10290).
* Fixed recording of `select(string, ...)`.
* Fixed stack allocation after on-trace stack check.
* Fixed recording of `__concat` metamethod that throws an error.
* Fixed bit op coercion in `DUALNUM` builds.
* Fixed 64-bit shift fold rules.
* Fixed loop optimizations for cdata arguments of vararg FFI functions.

### Lua

* Changed return value type of `space:bsize()` from `cdata` to `number`
  (gh-9735).

#### Xlog
* Fixed a memory leak in `xlog.pairs()` on failure to open the file (gh-10479).

#### Iconv
* Fixed a memory leak in `iconv.new()` (gh-10487).

#### Datetime

> * Fixed a bug that caused `datetime.parse()` ignore `tzoffset`
>   option if a custom format was used (gh-8333).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug that caused `datetime.parse()` ignore the `tzoffset`
  option if a custom format was used (gh-8333).
```
